Better example (#11)
understand-ai/async-transformers: Readme.md

![Overview of async transformer functionality](./assets/async-transformers.png)

The method `asyncBufferedTransformer()` was inspired by [rust futures `buffered()`](https://docs.rs/futures/latest/futures/stream/trait.StreamExt.html#method.buffered).

## Example

Here's an example that downloads all status code images from [http.cat](https://http.cat), but only 7 at a time to be a good
internet citizen.

You can run this using `npx ts-node examples/fetch-http-cats.ts`

> (Note: this library does _not_ depend on nodejs (and has zero dependencies), just this example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Note: this library does _not_ depend on node-fetch (and has zero dependencies), just this example does)
```

Reviewer: thats what you meant, right?

(i guess it could be both, but it was confusing to me either way so maybe rephrase it either way)

```typescript

> import { PromiseWrapper, asyncBufferedTransformer } from "../dist";

Reviewer: this also feels like a weird import

Author: Fixed.
